com/example/ServeurClavardage/ListMessageTxtParUser.java
 com.example.ServeurClavardage.ListMessageTxtParUser
com/example/ServeurClavardage/SubmitDeconnectionIndoor.java
 com.example.ServeurClavardage.SubmitDeconnectionIndoor
com/example/ServeurClavardage/ListMessagesInitParUser.java
 com.example.ServeurClavardage.ListMessagesInitParUser
com/example/ServeurClavardage/GetOutdoorUsers.java
 com.example.ServeurClavardage.GetOutdoorUsers
app/insa/clav/Messages/MessageInit.java
 app.insa.clav.Messages.MessageInit
com/example/ServeurClavardage/ListMessageTxtParCo.java
 com.example.ServeurClavardage.ListMessageTxtParCo
app/insa/clav/Messages/MessageSrvTCP.java
 app.insa.clav.Messages.MessageSrvTCP
app/insa/clav/Messages/MessagePseudo.java
 app.insa.clav.Messages.MessagePseudo
app/insa/clav/Messages/MessageChatFile.java
 app.insa.clav.Messages.MessageChatFile
com/example/ServeurClavardage/SubmitConnectionOutdoor.java
 com.example.ServeurClavardage.SubmitConnectionOutdoor
com/example/ServeurClavardage/SubmitDeconnectionOutdoor.java
 com.example.ServeurClavardage.SubmitDeconnectionOutdoor
com/example/ServeurClavardage/SubmitMessageChat.java
 com.example.ServeurClavardage.SubmitMessageChat
com/example/ServeurClavardage/SharedInformation.java
 com.example.ServeurClavardage.SharedInformation
app/insa/clav/Messages/Message.java
 app.insa.clav.Messages.Message
com/example/ServeurClavardage/GetConnectionChat.java
 com.example.ServeurClavardage.GetConnectionChat
com/example/ServeurClavardage/GetAllUsers.java
 com.example.ServeurClavardage.GetAllUsers
com/example/ServeurClavardage/SubmitConnectionIndoor.java
 com.example.ServeurClavardage.SubmitConnectionIndoor
com/example/ServeurClavardage/SubmitConnectionChat.java
 com.example.ServeurClavardage.SubmitConnectionChat
app/insa/clav/Core/Utilisateurs.java
 app.insa.clav.Core.Utilisateurs
com/example/ServeurClavardage/GetMessageChat.java
 com.example.ServeurClavardage.GetMessageChat
app/insa/clav/Messages/MessageChatTxt.java
 app.insa.clav.Messages.MessageChatTxt
